hi this is tim from latest 3d s games
and I'm here with an unboxing of The
Legend of Zelda Wind Waker HD um where
you also got the original the second
version players choice from the Gamecube
which I've managed to dig out to have a
quick comparison came out in the UK and
Europe today and obviously um you know
in the US for a little while so I
destroyed do a little unboxing and
really looking forward to the game I'm
gonna do a full let's play they'll be
doing all of the Zelda games pretty much
a lot of them are going to be next year
but we'll see how we go with the games
for this year so let's have a look
inside I didn't get a special edition
version which like kilotons that is
another 15 20 pounds and there's so many
games coming out and towards Christmas
and I love them I want to get my mother
way off the older them I just like
needed to see where kind of try and
leave some money free obviously it's
going to use new new controls using the
Wii U gamepad the world is linked to me
verse and of course you can enjoy the
whole game in full HD now and really
looking at forward sir so let's open the
box don't think there's an awful lot
inside but we have got some Nintendo
points quite clearly and software
instructions they rather boring these
days but look at the game keep others in
the Mac so the software instructions are
literally in that sleeve and basically
just says shove all the discs in and
away you go
doesn't tell you anything else which is
um I always used to like instructions I
don't know why maybe I'm just old school
and out-of-date
there you go that is the desk
looks pretty cool it's a nice design
and like I said looking forward to
playing it on the way you probably won't
do any gameplay till I do the let's play
I'm not exactly sure when that's going
to be just I'd show you the old-school
game keeper sure and this is this like I
said this is the player's choice so this
is when it's sold loads of copies and
really thought it out and then you've
got actually some instructions yay
there's also some VIP points I've still
got in there and a bit of an advertising
thing for game key bits of tea a little
out of date some cool instructions
though running you to the items and
things like that all the moves so really
it was quite enjoyed and there is the
desk which was probably a bit bland
the second version disk can't remember
what the original was like well it's
mini sized as well say so I'd show you
that as a comparison that's a little
unboxing like I said I will be doing a
full let's play not exactly sure when
that has seen as I am able to and that's
it thanks for watching